---
layout: post
title: "RobotFramework Introduction"
tags: [autotest]
---

RobotFramework 官方網站
http://robotframework.org/
百度搜索
http://baike.baidu.com/item/Robot%20Framework


1. 介紹RBFW主要是用來做什麼？
    1. 有什麼優點?
    1. 應該怎麼用?
1. 快速上手的tutorial(直接帶你操作過一輪，再來看UserGuide)
    1. Install
    2.

1. 上手之後如何實作，並快速導入工作上?


Robot Framework is a __generic test__ automation framework for __acceptance testing and acceptance test-driven development (ATDD)__. It has easy-to-use tabular test data syntax and it utilizes the keyword-driven testing approach. Its testing capabilities can be extended by test libraries implemented either with Python or Java, and users can create new higher-level keywords from existing ones using the same syntax that is used for creating test cases.

Robot Framework project is hosted on GitHub where you can find further documentation, source code, and issue tracker. Downloads are hosted at PyPI. The framework has a rich ecosystem around it consisting of various generic test libraries and tools that are developed as separate projects.

Robot Framework is operating system and application independent. The core framework is implemented using Python and runs also on Jython (JVM) and IronPython (.NET).

GET LIBRARIES
READ DOCS
USE TOOLS
Robot Framework itself is open source software released under Apache License 2.0, and most of the libraries and tools in the ecosystem are also open source. The framework was initially developed at Nokia Networks and it is nowadays sponsored by Robot Framework Foundation.